NetSuite source updates (#873)
rudderlabs/rudderstack-docs: docs/sources/extract/netsuite.mdx

2. Select the **SuiteCloud** tab.
3. Under the **SuiteScript** section, check the **CLIENT SUITESCRIPT** and **SERVER SUITESCRIPT** settings and click **I Agree** to access the SuiteCloud terms of service.

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-token-based-auth-2.png" alt="Token based Authentication in Netsuite" />

4. Under the **Manage Authentication** section, check **TOKEN-BASED AUTHENTICATION**.

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-token-based-auth-3.png" alt="Token based Authentication in Netsuite" />

5. Finally, click **Save**.

### Creating a new integration flow

To uniquely identify RudderStack in your NetSuite account, you also need to create an integration record for RudderStack. Follow these steps:

1. Go to **Setup** > **Integration** > **Manage Integrations** > **New**.
2. Enter the following settings:
    - **Name**: Enter the name for your integration, for example, `RudderStackIntegration`.
    - **State**: This field should be **Enabled**.
3. In the **Authentication** tab, check **Token-based Authentication**.

<div class="warningBlock">
Remember to uncheck all the other options.

> </div>

Author: @RanjeetMishra we are calling out this bit of information so that it is clear that the user needs to uncheck all the other options.

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-integration-flow-1.png" alt="New integration in Netsuite" />

> 4. Finally, click on the **Save** button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Finally, click the **Save** button.
```

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-settings-5.png" alt="Permissions in Netsuite" />

For each pipeline resource that you want RudderStack to sync, you should give the role the relevant permissions to access it. These resources are divided among the following sections:

- **Transactions**
- **Reports**
- **Lists**
- **Custom Records**

<div class="infoBlock">
Note that each permission should have <strong>View</strong> level.
</div>

<div class="warningBlock">
It is extremely important that you have assigned the permissions for every resource, saved search or custom record that you want RudderStack to sync. This is required so that you don't encounter any RudderStack sync failures with permission-related issues.
</div>

#### Step 2: Create an employee

To create a new employee, follow these steps:

1. Go to **Lists** > **Employees** > **Employees** > **New**.
2. Then, enter the name and email ID of the employee.
3. Under the **Access** tab, check **Give Access** and **Manually assign or change password**. Then add the required password.

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-create-employee-1.png" alt="Adding an employee in Netsuite" />

> 4. Finally, add the **Role** which you have created in the previous step and click on **Save** to save the settings.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Finally, add the **Role** which you have created in the previous step and click **Save** to save the settings.
```

    - **Token Name**: Assign a name for the token.

> 3. Finally, click on the **Save** button. The confirmation page will display a **Token ID and Secret**, as shown:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Finally, click the **Save** button. The confirmation page will display a **Token ID and Secret**, as shown:
```

<div class="warningBlock">
For security reasons, this is the only time these credentials will be displayed. Hence, copy and store the <strong>Token ID</strong> and <strong>Token Secret</strong> safely. You will need these credentials while setting up the NetSuite source in RudderStack.
</div>

### Locating your NetSuite Account ID

To locate your NetSuite account ID, go to **Setup** > **Integration** > **SOAP Web Services Preferences**.

You will find the account ID in the resulting page, as highlighted below:

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-account-id.png" alt="Account ID in Netsuite" />

<div class="warningBlock">
Enter the complete account ID including the suffix (for example, <code class="inline-code">1234567_SB2</code>) while configuring your NetSuite source in RudderStack.
</div>

## Configuring NetSuite source in RudderStack

To set up NetSuite as a source in RudderStack, follow these steps:

1. Log into your [RudderStack dashboard](https://app.rudderstack.com/).
2. Go to **Sources** > **New source** > **Cloud Extract** and select **NetSuite** from the list of sources.

> 3. Assign a name to your source and click **Next**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Assign a name to your source and click **Continue**.
```

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-settings-10.png" alt="Netsuite connection settings" />

> * **Account Name** : Enter your NetSuite account name here. You can get it from your NetSuite dashboard.

Reviewer 2: Netsuite does not show account name anywhere. Some customers were confused where to fetch this from. Actually this can be any name. Probably we can change this and just mention use any readable name as account name.

Author: @RanjeetMishra makes sense. I've made this change.

> * **Account Name** : Enter your NetSuite account name here. You can get it from your NetSuite dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
* **Account Name** : Enter an account name of your choice.
```

Use the <strong>Use Existing Destination</strong> option if you have an already-configured data warehouse destination in RudderStack. To configure a data warehouse destination from scratch, select the <strong>Create New Destination</strong> button.
</div>

## FAQ

### How can I get the RudderStack Restlet URL?

To get the **RudderStack Restlet URL**, you need to first install <a href="https://js.blendo.co/netsuite/v1/restlet.js">this script</a> in your NetSuite account and paste the generated **Restlet URL** in the dashboard settings.

> </div>

Author: ```suggestion
```

Use the <strong>Use Existing Destination</strong> option if you have an already-configured data warehouse destination in RudderStack. To configure a data warehouse destination from scratch, select the <strong>Create New Destination</strong> button.
</div>

## FAQ

### How can I get the RudderStack Restlet URL?

> <div class="warningBlock">

Author: ```suggestion
```

> To get the <strong>RudderStack Restlet URL</strong>, you need to first install <a href="https://js.blendo.co/netsuite/v1/restlet.js">this script</a> in your NetSuite account and paste the generated restlet URL in the RudderStack dashboard.

Author: ```suggestion
To get the **RudderStack Restlet URL**, you need to first install <a href="https://js.blendo.co/netsuite/v1/restlet.js">this script</a> in your NetSuite account and paste the generated **Restlet URL** in the dashboard settings.
```

</div>

> To create a new **Script** in your NetSuite account, follow these steps:

Reviewer: Bit confused..
The infoblock mentions to install a pre-defined script in NetSuite account.
The steps mentioned afterward: Are they to install that pre-defined script in NetSuite account?

Author: yes, you are right. Tweaked the lead-in sentence before the steps to clarify this.

> To create a new **Script** in your NetSuite account, follow these steps:

Author: ```suggestion
To install the script, follow these steps:
```

4. Click **Save**, followed by **Create Script Record**.

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-settings-14.png" alt="Creating a new script in NetSuite" />

5. Then, add the **Name** of the script and the **Owner**, that is the **Employee** that you created  in the [Creating an employee](#step-2-create-an-employee) section above. Then click **Save**.

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-settings-15.png" alt="Employee details NetSuite" />

6. To deploy the script, click **Deployments**, add the script **Title**, and click **Add**. After the script is deployed, click **Save**.

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-settings-16.png" alt="Script deployment NetSuite" />

7. Finally, click the title of your deployed script. You should be able to see the **External URL**, which is the **RudderStack Restlet URL** that you need to use in the NetSuite source configuration.

<img src="../../assets/cloud-extract-sources/netsuite-settings-17.png" alt="Restlet URL NetSuite" />

### Is it possible to have multiple Cloud Extract sources writing to the same schema?

Yes, it is.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
